README.md, before:

# Cast to TV Links Add-on
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-blue.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=TFVDFD88KQ322)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal.Me-lightgrey.svg)](https://www.paypal.me/Rafostar)

Web links casting support for GNOME Shell Extension Cast to TV.

<p align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/Rafostar/gnome-shell-extension-cast-to-tv/images/Add-ons/Links.png" width="65%" height="65%">
</p>

## Features
* Cast videos, music and pictures from internet
* Supports captions
* Constant video quality throughout playback
* No commercials
* Does not require Chrome/Chromium browser

## Requirements
* [Cast to TV](https://github.com/Rafostar/gnome-shell-extension-cast-to-tv) (version 9 or later)
* [youtube-dl](https://ytdl-org.github.io/youtube-dl/index.html)

Always use the newest possible youtube-dl version.

## Installation
```
cd /tmp
git clone https://github.com/Rafostar/cast-to-tv-links-addon.git
cd cast-to-tv-links-addon
make install
```
After installing restart gnome-shell and enable the newly added extension.

**Before using this Add-on** you also **must** install some additional npm packages.
Go to `Cast Settings -> Modules` and click `Install npm modules` button.<br>
This step will install additional packages and automatically restart Cast to TV server.

## How to use
Launch app from newly added `Link` menu entry in `Cast media` submenu.<br>
Simply write/paste link to the website containing the requested media content and click `Cast link` button or achieve the same effect even simpler by dragging link into the text field.

## Donation
If you like my work please support it by buying me a cup of coffee :grin:

[![PayPal](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=TFVDFD88KQ322)

Commit message:

Temporarily remove translations support - not ready yet

README.md, after:

# Cast to TV Links Add-on
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-blue.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=TFVDFD88KQ322)
[![Donate](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal.Me-lightgrey.svg)](https://www.paypal.me/Rafostar)

Web links casting support for GNOME Shell Extension Cast to TV.

<p align="center">
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/wiki/Rafostar/gnome-shell-extension-cast-to-tv/images/Add-ons/Links.png" width="65%" height="65%">
</p>

## Features
* Cast videos, music and pictures from internet
* Supports captions
* Constant video quality throughout playback
* No commercials
* Does not require Chrome/Chromium browser

## Requirements
* [Cast to TV](https://github.com/Rafostar/gnome-shell-extension-cast-to-tv) (version 9 or later)
* [youtube-dl](https://ytdl-org.github.io/youtube-dl/index.html)

Always use the newest possible youtube-dl version.

## Installation
```
cd /tmp
git clone https://github.com/Rafostar/cast-to-tv-links-addon.git
cd cast-to-tv-links-addon
make install
```
After installing restart gnome-shell and enable the newly added extension.

**Before using this Add-on** you also **must** install some additional npm packages.<br>
Go to `Cast Settings -> Modules` and click `Install npm modules` button.<br>
This step will install additional packages and automatically restart Cast to TV server.

## How to use
Launch app from newly added `Link` menu entry in `Cast media` submenu.<br>
Simply write/paste link to the website containing the requested media content and click `Cast link` button or achieve the same effect even simpler by dragging link into the text field.

## Info for translators
Translation support is not quite ready yet. Please wait until I finish it.

## Donation
If you like my work please support it by buying me a cup of coffee :grin:

[![PayPal](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=TFVDFD88KQ322)
